[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: Let's talk about styles and
how they actually make our apps
look good because they don't look good
right now unless you did your own styles.
So like bringing over
JavaScript from the web over.
To native rag native did the same
thing with some CSS it's pretty much
like a subset of CSS it's not all CSS.
We can't do everything we could in CSS but
most of the stuff we could or we can do.
So what they did was they provided us
with a, actually what I'm gonna do is,
I'm just gonna make a new component here.
All my new component now we
call this a fancy component.
So what we can do is we can actually
import, I'm just gonna to set this up
right click.
>> Scott Moss: If
we import StyleSheet from react native,
we can do some pretty cool stuff.
So I'm gonna do text and StyleSheet and
that's, that's what I'll do here.
So from 'react-native'.
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
All right.
So the StyleSheet does a few things for
us.
Actually we don't really need Stylesheet,
but we should use it, and
the reason we should use it because
it's going to validate those styles for
us because the CSS style
we use is just a subset.
So if we just if we just rely on writing
our own CSS without the validation.
We're gonna have unintended result.
So we use the StyleSheet to
kind of validate that stuff or
so what that actually looks like
is which I've got a pattern
that most people are doing
is below their component.
They'll go ahead and
declare their styles and
like a styles object so
you can say styles equals StyleSheet,
Stylesheet.create, and
use passing an object to it.
And this object is going to be
the styles for our components.
So if you haven't guessed already,
everything is going to be in line
styles for your components, so
everything's in line but
you create the styles in JavaScript.
So most people just put
them underneath here.
You can put them in another file
somebody else create a plug-in and
you can just write a CSS file or
SaaS file and it'll watch it and
it'll turn it into a StyleSheet for you.
You can totally do that too but it's just
a basic StyleSheet so let's just go over
some of different styles for
some of the different components.
So what are the most interest,
actually this is render something right
click I can get this on the page.
>> Scott Moss: So I'm just going
to switch out,
this to do with our fancy one very quick.
>> Scott Moss: And this was
so.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
so now I gotta reload this.
Pop module reloading doesn't
know I made a new file.
>> Scott Moss: And let's go,
reload.
>> Scott Moss: Oops, sorry,
app.
>> Scott Moss: There we go,
okay.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
I know, just reload yourself.
So now it's stuck in this error loop and
it doesn't know how to rebuild so
I was taking to rebuild it.
So that's what hot mod reloading does
sometimes you get stuck inside that.
So I'm just gonna rebuild
this shut that down.
And I have an a list rn ra which
is just react native run Android.
That is run.
So I can say the type in it.
That's my a list so
it's just react native run Android, and
I will close this soon later down.
For iOS.
And you see this built so
much faster it's already pretty,
it's already installing it
on the phone right now.
So it should pop up
right here there it is.
So there's our fancy thing.
Now let's head back over
to our fancy stuff.
So yeah now we have the stylus here so one
of the sweet things is flex boxes where it
used flex boxes in CSS right it's amazing.
So every element by default is a flex
element, its display type it flex.
It's by default you don't have to
declare it, it's already there.
So that means you can go ahead and
start using those flex properties like for
instance the view.
We can say we'll call this the container.
So this will be our container.
Our view.
And the way the StyleSheet works is
you declare like you know the selector
that your style in this case
will call a container and
then objects and
inside the object are the styles.
You can't do nested selectors,
you can't cover and save container.
You know text and here's a styles for
text like it'll break,
because it's gonna be like wait text
is not a valid property of the CSS.
So you can't do nested,
there's a plugin allows you to do it but.
I think it's just fine.
So for container because this is
a flex we're gonna say flex 1.
So what does that mean?
I mean fill up the entire page, flex 1
take up all the space as the container and
it will say background color red.
So we'll do that and then what we'll do is
we'll head up to our render function and
we'll place a style prop.
And we'll set that equal to styles dot our
selector which is container, there you go.
And as you could see it's now red and
it's filled up all the way,
if I got rid of the flex 1.
>> Scott Moss: It's not, all right so
flex 1 made it fill.
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
So you can see we brought over flex
we also have background color,
that's very similar and
you can pretty much pass in any value
that you would in CSS, so
you know put in some hex colors here.
I don't know any crazy hex colors.
I don't know what that's gonna look like.
There we go.
X looks pretty good actually.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Scott Moss: [LAUGH] You can also
do the CSS colors you saw I put red.
You could also do light blue
then we get light blue.
You can also do rgb.
Let's just do black.
You can also do rgba.
>> Scott Moss: So
all those values work, it's pretty cool.
And because this is just a string,
you can use ES 6 or
you can rely on interpolation, right?
So if this was a variable somewhere,
like this 0.3.
This could be like opacity.
And then you would have
like opacity equals 0.3 or
that you can just pass
that in there like that,
because it's just interpolation.
But let's go back to the other color that
I have which was really nice, go back.
To, wait, where did it go?
There it is.
Sweet.